 
Schedule D – Hedera Wallet Applications; Hedera Browser Plugin
The terms and conditions in this Schedule D are applicable to Your download, access, and use of the Hedera Wallet Applications and the Hedera Browser Plugin and are incorporated into the Terms by reference.
1.	End User Representations; Warranties. You represent and warrant that Your use of the Hedera Wallet Applications and the Hedera Browser Plugin does not violate any applicable Law or regulation, and You are compliant with all of the Terms, including the Eligibility and Access Terms, at all times.
2.	Account Creation. You must have an active Hedera Profile in compliance with Schedule C of these Terms and an Access Code in order to create a wallet account and access or use the functionality of the Hedera Wallet Applications and the Hedera Browser Plugin.
3.	Hbar Only. The Hedera Wallet Applications are only capable of supporting Hbar. You understand that any attempt to store any other cryptocurrencies may result in the unrecoverable loss of those cryptocurrencies at no fault of Hedera.
4.	Transactions Irreversible. Hbars sent from one account to another may be irreversible once the transaction details have been submitted to the Hedera Network. You understand and agree Hedera may not be able to assist You to cancel or otherwise modify Your transaction or transaction details. You are solely responsible for any user errors that result in unintended transactions, such as mistyped transaction instructions.
5.	No Support Guarantee. Hedera does not guarantee technical or user support for the Hedera Wallet Applications or the Hedera Browser Plugin. You understand and agree that Your use of the Hedera Wallet Applications or the Hedera Browser Plugin is at Your own risk and Hedera may not be able to assist or resolve any technical issues, including recovery of any lost or inaccessible Hbars.
6.	Fees. All fees associated with the Hedera Network as described in these Terms will apply to the storage and sending of Hbars. The Hedera Wallet Applications and the Hedera Browser Plugin may attempt to calculated such fees required to process a transaction on the Hedera Network, however, Hedera does not guarantee the accuracy of such calculation. You understand that You are solely responsible for payment of any actual fees charged to the account by the Hedera Network and Hedera will not be responsible for any discrepancies in the calculated fees and the actual fees charged. 

